they all my delight
but you're totally really well
she broke like I hate you Wow
I renounce advance avoid that break
these walls I know yeah oh we have blood
it's good oh man doesn't I'm sorry dude
that's good how's it make you feel like
an answer because I got out of those
like not so I was just gonna throw a
knee to my lip oh that's your on me I
was just trying to off o.o anything look
like bone now I gotta wash it off I mean
that oh there they not his lovely
so it's not linking our little side car
thank you pull some romantic I'm just so
excited all watch channel leaving the
building right now
in a little sidecars
they're staying up there
if it's not sure why he's wearing a set
outfit but you know what it's been
that's why we are so
we have we have to wear weary travelers
being as the ansibles it's staying home
not that they could fit in here anyway
but it was worth a try
oh we're going faster let us take a look
shall we
ah speed racer and get a little too
excited Oh
crap we're gonna crash
look so serious about everyone I would
need like really big white sideburns oh
it's so cold out here Oh apparently nine
we will never know what it's become it's
great legend he's a wanderer in the
distance a lone wolf the fox that hunts
its prey he's the one that no one will
ever know what happened to him for
centuries probably asking what happened
to the same she alive is he with Elvis
somewhere is he with billy mays so i'm
gonna cave playing poker no oh wait no
he really was he's coming back
as you want chance the Russell Santa
Claus ok
man